Relevant Information Document
Date: February 20th, 2026


Disclaimer

This document comprises a Relevant Information Document (the “RID”) relating to Tether
fiat-denominated tokens (“Tether Tokens”) issued by Tether International Sociedad
Anonima De Capital Variable (“Tether International” or “Tether International, S.A. de
C.V.”) a company incorporated and in effect under the Laws of El Salvador, whose registered
address is Edificio Torre Futura, Oficina 6, Nivel 11, entre 87 y 89 avenida norte, Colonia
Escalón, San Salvador, El Salvador (together, “Tether”, “we”, “us” and “our'') and has been
prepared in accordance with Article 22 of the Law for the Issuance of Digital Assets (the
“Law”). The RID has been submitted to the El Salvador National Commission of Digital
Assets (the “CNAD”) pursuant to Tether's application to be registered as a stablecoin1
issuer; Tether has successfully obtained authorization as a stablecoin issuer under Article 5
of the Regulations for the Issuance of Public Offerings of Stable Coins (the “Regulations'').
However, while Tether Tokens subject to this offering are registered in the Public Registry of
the CNAD, their registration does not imply certification regarding the quality of the token or
the solvency of Tether. It is incumbent upon prospective customers to thoroughly review all
information about Tether Tokens and the associated risks contained herein.

Prospective purchasers of Tether Tokens must also consult the terms of services available
at https://tether.to/en/legal/ (the “Terms”).

In the event of any inconsistency between this RID and the Terms, the Terms shall
prevail.

The RID relates only to the facts as of the date set out above. Except as required by the
CNAD, Tether undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any statements herein,
whether as a result of new information, developments, future events or otherwise.

Apart from the responsibilities and liabilities, if any, which may be imposed on Tether by the
CNAD, the regulatory regime established thereunder or under the regulatory regime of any
other applicable jurisdiction where exclusion of liability under the relevant regulatory

1
 For the purpose of this RID, stablecoin shall have the meaning given to it under Article 5(e) of the
Law, which states: 'Stablecoin is a type of digital asset designed to minimize price volatility and that
references, represents, or is backed by an asset or basket of assets’.


                                                                                                       1
regime would be illegal, void or unenforceable, neither Tether, nor any of its Related
Parties2, nor their or any of their respective Related Parties’ shareholders, directors,
officers, employees, contractors, agents, partners, advisors, attorneys and representatives
(“Associates”) accept any responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this RID including
its accuracy, completeness, verification, and sufficiency or for any other statement made or
purported to be made by them, or on their behalf, in connection with the Tether tokens.
Except to the extent that Tether is responsible for the content of this RID as set out in the
Regulation for the Registry of Issuers and Issuances promulgated by CNAD, Tether and its
Associates waive and disclaim, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all and any
liability whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise which they might otherwise be found
to have in respect of this RID or any such statement. Except to the extent that Tether is
responsible for the content of this RID as set out in the Regulation for the Registry of Issuers
and Issuances promulgated by CNAD, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is
made by Tether or any of its Associates regarding the content of this RID nor may any of its
content be relied upon as a promise or representation, whether or not to the past or future.

The distribution of this RID in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore
persons into whose possession this RID comes should inform themselves about and
observe any such restrictions in relation to the Tether Tokens or this RID, including those in
the paragraphs that follow. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a
violation of the laws of any such jurisdiction. Except in El Salvador, no action has been taken
or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit possession or distribution of this RID in
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, this RID
may not be distributed or published in any jurisdiction where to do so would breach any
laws related to digital assets, securities laws or regulations of any such jurisdiction or give
rise to an obligation to obtain any consent, approval or permission, or to make any
application, filing or registration. Failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a
violation of the laws related to digital assets, securities laws or regulations of such
jurisdictions. This RID may not be used for the purpose of, and does not constitute, an offer
or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or
solicitation is unlawful or not authorized or would impose any unfulfilled registration,
qualification, publication or approval requirements on Tether or its Associates or to any
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.

Tether is under no obligation to assess the suitability of the Tether Tokens for purchasers
and any comment or statement which may be made by Tether or any of its Associates as to
2
  For the purpose of this RID, Related Parties means, in relation to a person, directly or indirectly controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with such person, with “control” in such context meaning the ability to
direct the management or policies of a person through ownership of voting shares or other securities, pursuant
to a written agreement or otherwise.


                                                                                                                2
the suitability of Tether Tokens should under no circumstances be considered as investment
or legal advice and should not be received or relied upon as such. Purchasers of Tether
Tokens should make their own assessment of the suitability of Tether Tokens to their needs.
The contents of this RID must not be construed as legal, business or tax advice. Each
prospective purchaser should consult their own lawyer, independent financial adviser or tax
adviser for legal, financial or tax advice in relation to any dealing or proposed dealing in
Tether Tokens. Purchasers must inform themselves as to: (i) the legal requirements within
their own countries for the purchase, holding, transfer, redemption or other disposal of
Tether Tokens; (ii) any foreign exchange or other regulatory restrictions applicable to the
purchase, holding, transfer or other disposal of Tether Tokens which they might encounter;
and (iii) the income and other tax consequences which may apply in their own countries as
a result of the purchase, holding, transfer or other disposal of Tether Tokens. Purchasers
must rely on their own representatives, including their own legal advisers, financial advisers,
tax advisers and accountants, as to legal, financial, business, tax, or any other related
matters concerning Tether and the Tether Tokens. Neither Tether, its Associates, nor any of
their respective representatives is making any representation to any purchaser of Tether
Tokens regarding the legality of the purchase, holding, transfer, redemption or other
disposal of Tether Tokens by such purchaser under the laws applicable to such purchaser.

Forward looking statements

This RID contains forward-looking statements that reflect Tether's current expectations and
views of future events. You can identify some of these forward-looking statements by words
or phrases such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,”
“plan,” “believe,” “is/are likely to,” “potential,” “continue” or other similar expressions,
but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.
Tether has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and
projections about future events that Tether believes may affect its financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking
statements involve various risks and uncertainties, and Tether's expectations may later be
found to be incorrect. Tether's actual results could be materially different from its
expectations. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as
representing Tether’s views as of any subsequent date, and Tether does not undertake any
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as may be required under applicable laws. You should read thoroughly this RID and
the documents referred to herein with the understanding that actual future results may be
materially different from and worse than what we expect. All forward-looking statements




                                                                                             3
are qualified by these cautionary statements. You should not place reliance on these
forward-looking statements.

Third Party and Website Information

Where third party information has been used in this RID, the source of such information has
been identified. Neither Tether nor any of its Associates accepts any responsibility for the
accuracy or completeness of such third-party information. This RID refers to the tether.to
website (the “Tether Website”). The contents of the Tether Website do not form part of, and
are not incorporated by reference into, this RID, unless expressly stated otherwise within
this RID.

Capitalized Terms

Where capitalized terms are used in this RID but are not defined in this RID, such terms shall
have the meaning given to them in the Terms as stated on the Tether Website.


Company Information

Tether International is a Salvadoran company registered in El Salvador Commercial Registry
and having its registered office in Edificio Torre Futura, Oficina 6, Nivel 11, entre 87 y 89
avenida norte, Colonia Escalón, San Salvador, El Salvador; is a Stablecoin Issuer authorized
by the CNAD and Digital Assets Service Provider (DASP) authorized by the CNAD with the
Registration Number PSAD – 0028.

Tether International is wholly owned by Tether Global Investment Fund, Sociedad de
Inversión de Capital Fijo, Sociedad Anónima (“Tether Global Investment Fund, SICAF,
S.A.)” and Tether Operations Sociedad Anonima De Capital Variable (“Tether Operations”
or “Tether Operations, S.A. de C.V.”); both incorporated and in effect under the Laws of El
Salvador.


Summary of the Tether Tokens

Tether is a blockchain-enabled platform launched in 2014 and designed to facilitate the use
of Fiat in a digital manner. Tether has made headway by giving customers the ability to
transact with traditional currencies across the blockchain, without the inherent volatility and
complexity typically associated with a digital currency.




                                                                                             4
Tether’s Fiat-denominated tokens are digital assets issued on various blockchains. Each
Tether Token issued and in circulation is backed by an amount of assets (“Reserves”) held
by Tether. Subject to the Terms, Tether Tokens may be redeemed for the underlying Fiat
currency.

Tether International will issue the following Fiat-denominated Tether Tokens:3

    ●​ USD₮ - being Tether Tokens denominated in U.S. dollars; and
    ●​ MXN₮ - being Tether Tokens denominated in Mexican pesos

Tether International is the customer-facing entity that issues and redeems Fiat-denominated
Tether Tokens. Subject to the Terms and onboarding procedures, users who have
successfully completed Tether's 'Know-Your-Customer' ("KYC") verification process (“KYC
Verified Customers”) can purchase and redeem (the “Services”) Tether Tokens through
the Tether Website at https://app.tether.to. KYC Verified Customers purchasing or selling
Tether Tokens directly through the Tether Website are doing so in what is referred to as the
“Primary Market”. Our obligations exist only with respect to those users and transactions
taking place in the Primary Market.

Tether Tokens may also be purchased from the Secondary Market. The “Secondary
Market” refers to any transaction in Tether Tokens other than with users and transactions
taking place in the Primary Market, described above. Secondary Market transactions are
subject to the terms of Secondary Market participants.

Examples of Secondary Markets include exchanges that support Tether Tokens. Users can
also transact and store Tether Tokens with any supported blockchain wallet. Tether does
not control these wallets, nor does it control the blockchains on which Tether Tokens are
transacted.




3
  Tether International has stopped issuing CNH₮ being Tether tokens denominated in Chinese Offshore yuan
as of February 20, 2026. Starting February 20, 2027, Tether International will no longer be obligated to accept
redemption of CNH₮.


                                                                                                             5
Table of Contents

Disclaimer​                                                                     1
Company Information​                                                           4
Summary of the Tether Tokens​                                                  5
1. Company Information​                                                        10
   1.1. Organizational Structure & Management​                                 10
   1.2. Key Management & Hiring Policy​                                        10
   1.3. Attestation​                                                           11
   1.4. Contact Details​                                                       11
2. Description of the characteristics of the Tether Tokens​                    11
   2.1. Overview of the Tether Tokens​                                         11
   2.2. Main Application​                                                      12
      For Exchanges​                                                           13
      For Individuals​                                                         14
      For Merchants​                                                           14
   2.3. Number of Stablecoins issued​                                          15
   2.4. Customer Types​                                                        15
   2.5. Digital Assets Service Providers & Platforms​                          16
   2.6. Purchase & Redemptions​                                                16
      Purchasing Tether Tokens​                                                16
      Redemptions of Tether Tokens​                                            17
   2.7. Restrictions on Transferability​                                       17
3. Safeguarding Arrangements​                                                  18
4. Risk Disclosure​                                                            19
5. Compliance & Risk Management​                                               26
   Risk Management​                                                            26
   Reserve Management​                                                         26
   Conflicts of Interest​                                                      26
   Cybersecurity​                                                              27
   Wallets Used by Tether​                                                     27
   Smart Contract Audits​                                                      27
   Relationship with Bitfinex​                                                 28
   Anti-Money Laundering, Countering the Financing of Terrorism, and Counter
   Proliferation and Sanction measures (“Anti-Financial Crime”)​               28
   Ongoing Monitoring​                                                         29
   Suspicious Transactions/Activity and Reporting​                             29


                                                                                6
   Termination of the Relationships​                                 29
6. Information on the underlying technology and standards applied​   29
   6.1. Protocols and platforms​                                     29
   6.2. Tether Technology Stack​                                     30
   6.3. Secondary platforms​                                         30
   6.4. Tether token life cycle​                                     31
7. Dispute Resolution​                                               31
   7.1. Complaints Handling Procedure​                               31
   7.2. Mandatory Resolution of Disputes Through Arbitration​        32
8. Tax Regime​                                                       33
9. Certifier​                                                        33




                                                                      7
I, the undersigned hereby affirm that to the best of my information, knowledge, and belief,
but without personal liability, that the contents of this RID and any attachments provided
with this RID are true, correct and not misleading.

For and on behalf of Tether International, S.A. de C.V.

Paolo Ardoino
Chief Executive Officer and Attorney
February 20, 2026




                                                                                         8
1. Company Information

1.1. Organizational Structure & Management

Tether International is wholly owned by Tether Global Investment Fund, Sociedad de
Inversión de Capital Fijo, Sociedad Anónima and Tether Operations, S.A. de C.V., both
incorporated and in effect under the Laws of El Salvador.




Recognizing the importance of corporate governance, we endeavor to pursue corporate
governance practices that support transparency, accountability, and ethical conduct. Our
governance framework includes well-defined reporting lines that facilitate clear
communication and decision-making.

Tether has furnished all pertinent information and documentation related to its directors and
senior officers to the CNAD as part of its applications for Stablecoin Issuer and Digital
Assets Service Provider licenses.

1.2. Key Management & Hiring Policy

Tether is led and managed by a senior management team with extensive experience in
financial services, technology, and compliance. The following link sets forth details of
Tether’s key management personnel: https://tether.to/en/about-us.

Personnel and contractors with specific roles and skills are engaged by Tether depending
on operational needs. Relevant personnel relationships are managed in compliance with the
Laws and Regulations in force in El Salvador, so as to secure the selection and retention of
the best personnel for each role, and to provide the greatest support to the business.




                                                                                           9
1.3. Attestation

As part of Tether’s continued commitment to transparency and to comply with our
regulatory obligations in El Salvador, we publish reports on our Reserves quarterly,
available on the Tether’s Transparency page https://tether.to/en/transparency/ (the
“Transparency Page”). In addition, Independent Auditors’ Reports on those Reserve
reports are prepared by an independent third party accounting firm, as of the end of each
quarter. The reports on our Reserves provide information about the Reserves including a
breakdown of the assets included in the Reserves and a comparison of the value of the
Reserves to the amount required to redeem each of the issued Tether Tokens.

Reserves reports are not financial statements but selected financial information extracted
from accounting records. Information presented is of those entities stated in the relevant
report, and includes assets and liabilities of entities that do not issue or redeem Tether
Tokens. The reports include estimates and assumptions further described in the Reserves
reports. Reported information may be affected if assumptions change or if actual
circumstances differ from those in the estimates and assumptions

1.4. Contact Details

For any inquiries, please reach out to us on support@tether.to or through our contact page
at https://cs.tether.to. This page is designed to ensure seamless interactions with Tether. It
features an intuitive interface that allows users to submit their inquiries and complaints
efficiently. To enhance the precision and efficiency of our response, we organize the
submission process by categories. This categorization ensures that each inquiry or
complaint is directed to the appropriate department, enabling us to address such
communications with precision and care. We aim to provide an accessible, user-friendly
platform to ensure your concerns and questions are acknowledged and resolved promptly.


2. Description of the characteristics of the Tether Tokens

2.1. Overview of the Tether Tokens

Tether Tokens are digital assets issued on various blockchains. Each Tether Token issued
and in circulation is backed by Reserves held by Tether. Subject to the Terms, Tether Tokens
may be redeemed for the underlying Fiat currency.

Tether International will issue the following Fiat-denominated Tether Tokens:




                                                                                           10
   ●​ USD₮ - being Tether Tokens denominated in U.S. dollars; and
   ●​ MXN₮ - being Tether Tokens denominated in Mexican pesos

Tether International is the customer-facing entity that issues and redeems Fiat-denominated
Tether Tokens. Subject to the Terms and onboarding procedures, KYC Verified Customers
can purchase and redeem Tether Tokens through the Tether Website. KYC Verified
Customers purchasing or selling Tether Tokens directly through the Tether Website are
doing so in what is referred to as the Primary Market. Our obligations exist only with respect
to those users and transactions taking place in the Primary Market.

Tether Tokens may also be purchased from the Secondary Market. Secondary Market
transactions are subject to the terms of Secondary Market participants.

Examples of Secondary Markets include exchanges that support Tether Tokens. Users can
also transact and store Tether Tokens with any supported blockchain wallet. Tether does
not control these wallets, nor does it control the blockchains on which the Tether Tokens
are transacted.

2.2. Main Application

In this section, we summarize and discuss the main applications of Tether Tokens across
the blockchain ecosystem and for other consumers globally. We break up the beneficiaries
into three user groups: (i) exchanges, (ii) individuals, and (iii) merchants.

We believe that the main benefits of Tether Tokens, applicable to all groups are as follows:

   ●​ properties of different blockchains are bestowed upon other asset classes, such as
      lower costs, faster settlement, and decreased barrier to entry relative to traditional
      cross-border transactions.
   ●​ less volatile, familiar unit of account compared to other digital assets.
   ●​ multiple blockchains are supported.
   ●​ high liquidity.
   ●​ can be denominated in different currencies.

For Exchanges

For exchange operators, accepting Fiat deposits and withdrawals using legacy financial
systems can be complicated, risky, slow, and expensive. Some issues may include:




                                                                                               11
   ●​   identifying the right payment providers for the exchange.
   ●​   irreversible transaction and minimal fraud protection.
   ●​   liaising with banks to coordinate compliance, and security, and build trust.
   ●​   prohibitive costs for small value transfers.
   ●​   long delays for international wire transfers to clear.
   ●​   poor and unfavorable currency conversion fees.
   ●​   barriers to onboarding.

By accepting Tether Tokens, we believe an exchange can reduce the above complications
and gain additional benefits, such as:

   ●​ accepting digital assets as a deposit/withdrawal/storage method rather than using a
      legacy bank or payment provider.
   ●​ allowing users to move funds in and out of an exchange more freely, quickly, and
      cheaply.
   ●​ easily adding other Tether Tokens pegged to other Fiat currencies as trading pairs to
      the platform.
   ●​ securing customer assets through familiar digital asset ­processes, including
      multi­signature security, cold and hot wallets, HD wallets, etc.
   ●​ conducting audits more easily in a purely digital asset environment.
   ●​ helping their customers move funds between digital asset markets and the
      traditional financial system.

For Individuals

There are many types of individual digital asset users in the world today, including traders
looking to earn profits daily; long-term holders looking to store their digital assets securely;
those looking to remit payments globally more more freely, quickly, and cheaply; those in
developing countries looking for access to financial services for the first time or looking for
a store of value in environments where the local currency is devaluing or is unstable;
developers looking to create new technologies; and those who have found many uses for
the different digital assets in the market. For each of these individuals, we believe Tether
Tokens are useful in many ways, including:

   ●​ transacting in Fiat-denominated value without any middlemen/intermediaries.
   ●​ allowing for cold storage of Fiat-denominated value by securing one’s own private
      keys.
   ●​ mitigating the risk of storing Fiat on exchanges.
   ●​ allowing for the movement of digital assets/Fiat in and out of exchanges easily.



                                                                                             12
   ●​ easily enhancing applications that work with digital assets to also support Tether
      Tokens.
   ●​ allowing for the movement of funds between digital asset markets and the traditional
      financial system.
   ●​ providing liquidity to enter into or out of digital asset trades without facing
      unpredictable volatility.
   ●​ acquiring stable Fiat-denominated value in jurisdictions where such liquidity is low.

For Merchants

The lack of global, inexpensive, ubiquitous payment solutions continues to restrict
merchants around the world. The following are ways in which we believe Tether Tokens may
assist merchants:

   ●​ allowing merchants to price goods in Fiat value rather than digital assets (no moving
      conversion rates/purchase windows).
   ●​ avoiding conversion from digital assets to Fiat and associated fees.
   ●​ prevent chargebacks and reduce fees.
   ●​ provide novel services because of Fiat-like digital asset features.
   ●​ offer decentralization, transparency, and the ability to remove intermediaries.

2.3. Number of Stablecoins issued

Tether Tokens are available on various blockchains, all as determined by Tether. The
blockchain on which Tether Tokens are available are identified on Tether’s Transparency
Page. The number of Tether Tokens in circulation changes based on purchases and
redemptions of Tether Tokens in the Primary Market. Tether typically publishes daily
updates regarding the number of Tether Tokens in circulation on Tether’s Transparency
Page. The information provided is based on the information available to Tether, which may
be delayed. Accordingly, the information available on Tether’s Transparency Page may not
reflect the Tether Tokens in circulation at the time the information is reviewed.

This issuance does not have any maximum or a minimum number of tokens required to
launch the Services in El Salvador.

2.4. Customer Types

As of February 16th, 2026 Tether has 819 customers (“Existing Customers”) who are Tether
International’s KYC Verified Customers. Subject to the Terms and onboarding procedures,



                                                                                         13
only KYC Verified Customers can purchase Tether Tokens through the Tether Website. The
current minimum purchase amount of Tether Tokens through the Tether Website is
US$100,000, or its equivalent in any other accepted currency. Purchases of Tether Tokens
through the Tether Website are currently subject to a fee of the greater of 0.1% or $1,000 for
redemption and 0.1% for acquisitions. Fees are subject to change at the discretion of Tether.

To be eligible to purchase Tether Tokens from Tether, a prospective customer must agree to
the Terms, complete the account verification process through the Tether Website and
submit documents requested by Tether to complete its anti-money laundering,
counter-terrorist financing, counter-proliferation, sanction measures, and other checks.
Tether maintains the sole discretion to approve or reject requests to become a KYC Verified
Customer.

A verification fee of USDT150 (payable in USDT tokens) applies for any applications to be a
KYC Verified Customer; except that Existing Customers will not be required to pay the
verification fee. The fee helps offset a portion of the incurred costs from the execution of
the verification process. The fee is non-refundable; however, upon successful verification, it
will be credited back to the KYC Verified Customer for use on redemptions. This amount is
intended to ensure that only those serious about establishing an account apply.

Prohibited Persons as defined in the Terms are prohibited from purchasing Tether
Tokens from Tether, or from otherwise using the Services available through the Tether
Website.

2.5. Digital Assets Service Providers & Platforms

Tether International has applied for and successfully obtained the DASP license under
Article (7) of the Digital Asset Service Providers Regulations. Consequently, KYC Verified
Customers can purchase and redeem Tether Tokens directly through the Tether Website.

Tether Tokens may also be purchased and sold on the Secondary Market, including from
exchanges and over-the-counter platforms that support Tether Tokens outside El Salvador.
User(s) can also transact and store Tether Tokens with any supported blockchain wallet.
Due to the decentralized nature of the blockchains on which Tether Tokens function,
third-party platforms can list Tether Tokens without the need for approval from Tether to do
so. While exchanges, wallets, and merchants are encouraged to reach out to Tether about
integrating Tether Tokens, it is not possible to keep track of and list all Secondary Market
participants




                                                                                            14
2.6. Purchase & Redemptions

Purchasing Tether Tokens

Subject to the Terms and onboarding procedures, KYC Verified Customers can purchase
Tether Tokens through the Tether Website. The current minimum purchase amount of Tether
Tokens through the Tether Website is US$100,000, or its equivalent in any other accepted
currency. Purchases of Tether Tokens through the Tether Website are subject to a 0.1% fee.
Fees are subject to change at the discretion of Tether.

To be eligible to purchase Tether Tokens from Tether, a prospective customer must agree to
the Terms, complete the account verification process through the Tether Website and
submit documents requested by Tether to complete its anti-money laundering, counter
terrorist financing, counter proliferation and sanction measures and other checks. Tether
maintains the sole discretion to approve or reject requests to become a KYC Verified
Customer.

Redemptions of Tether Tokens

Subject to the Terms and onboarding procedures, KYC Verified Customers can redeem
Tether Tokens through the Tether Website. The current minimum redemption amount of
Tether Tokens through the Tether Website is Tether Tokens with a value of US$100,000.
Redemptions of Tether Tokens are subject to a fee of the greater of US$1,000 or 0.1% of the
Tether Tokens to be redeemed. Fees are subject to change at the discretion of Tether.

The amount paid to a KYC Verified Customer by Tether in respect of any redemption shall
be the amount of the face value of the Tether Tokens received for redemption, in the
applicable Fiat currency, less fees. Holders of Tether Tokens are not entitled to any
increases in value of the Reserves in excess of the face value of the Tether Tokens (less
fees).

To be eligible to redeem Tether Tokens from Tether, a prospective customer must agree to
the Terms, complete the account verification process through the Tether Website and
submit documents requested by Tether to complete its anti-money laundering, counter
terrorist financing, counter proliferation and sanction measures and other checks. Tether
maintains the sole discretion to approve or reject requests to become a KYC Verified
Customer.




                                                                                         15
Tether Tokens may also be sold on the Secondary Markets, including at exchanges that
support Tether Tokens. The restrictions and verification requirements for these services will
be determined by their operators.

2.7. Restrictions on Transferability

Tether is committed to adhering to all applicable government laws and regulations. This
includes the regulations and economic sanctions with respect to certain high-risk
jurisdictions. As part of this, Tether Tokens cannot be purchased or redeemed by Prohibited
Persons. The definition of “Prohibited Persons” is available on https://tether.to/en/legal/.

Tether retains the discretion to approve or reject any application to become a KYC Verified
Customer, and to suspend or terminate access to the Services in accordance with the
Terms.

Furthermore, Tether may delay or suspend redemption under various circumstances, in
accordance with its Terms, including in the following cases:

   ●​ if Tether determines that a KYC Verified Customer has engaged in a Prohibited Use
      (as defined in the Terms);
   ●​ when Tether is directed to do so by any government (including any court, law
      enforcement agency, tribunal, or regulatory body);
   ●​ if a KYC Verified Customer’s account or wallet is subject to pending litigation,
      investigation, or government proceedings; or
   ●​ when Tether believes that someone is attempting to gain unauthorized access to a
      KYC Verified Customer’s account or wallet or that the Tether Tokens have been
      obtained by or used in fraud, theft or other criminal activities.

Additionally, in certain circumstances and at the behest of law enforcement, regulatory or
government agencies, Tether may take steps to attempt to freeze the Tether Tokens held in
external wallets for which Tether does not hold private keys.

Further restrictions on the use of, and ability to restrict, Tether Tokens are set out in the
Terms, which must be read in full alongside this RID.

Other restrictions on transferability

Tether Tokens may also be purchased and sold on the Secondary Market from exchanges
and other operators and may be held in third-party wallets and other custody solutions. The



                                                                                           16
restrictions and verification requirements are subject to the standards set by such
providers, which may include restrictions on transferability that are more onerous than
those imposed by Tether.


3. Safeguarding Arrangements

As outlined in sections (6.2. & 6.4.), once a KYC Verified Customer submits a request to
acquire Tether Tokens on the Tether Website and sends Fiat funds, Tether transfers the
equivalent number of Tether Tokens to that KYC Verified Customer. Tether then holds or
invests the funds it received from selling Tether Tokens in a basket of Reserves. The
composition of Reserves is subject to change at Tether's sole discretion. More information
on the breakdown of the Reserves is available on the Reports & Reserves page available at
the Transparency Page. Except as required by the CNAD, Tether does not commit to update
the information at any particular interval or time, regardless of any changes in the number of
Tether Tokens in circulation or the value or composition of the Reserves.

The purpose of those Reserves is to ensure that Tether Tokens are backed to meet
customers’ redemption requests. Tether primarily holds the Reserves with various third
parties including banks and licensed financial institutions. Furthermore, Tether typically
provides daily updates as to the number of Tether Tokens in circulation and publishes
quarterly reports providing information on its Reserves that are held to back Tether Tokens
in circulation. The information provided is based on the information available to Tether,
which may be delayed. Accordingly, the information available on the Transparency Page
may not reflect the Tether Tokens in circulation at the time the information is reviewed.

Post sale, Tether’s only obligation to its KYC Verified Customers is to redeem Tether Tokens
through the Tether Website subject to the Terms.

4. Risk Disclosure

No person should use the Services or purchase or hold Tether Tokens unless they
understand the Tether Token and its risks. The risks associated with the Tether Tokens are
subject to change and KYC Verified Customers and prospective customers must carefully
review and understand the risks associated with Tether Tokens as described on the Risk
Disclosure on the Tether Website before using the Services.

This Risk Disclosure Statement discusses some of the principal risks of Tether Tokens, but it
does not and cannot describe every risk or consideration associated with Tether Tokens
and the Services.


                                                                                            17
Please review the Risk Disclosure on​
https://tether.to/en/legal/?tab=risk-disclosure-statement

5. Compliance & Risk Management

Risk Management

Recognizing the importance of having adequate risk management policies and procedures
to ensure the integrity and continuity of Tether Tokens, Tether has implemented an
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) system aimed at identifying and addressing potential
risks to our operations. Through this framework, we systematically assess vulnerabilities
and implement appropriate policies and procedures to mitigate these risks.

Reserve Management

Tether has implemented reserve management and liquidity arrangements to effectively
manage financial risks within Tether and mitigate fluctuations, market volatility, and
unexpected financial demands. These measures include allocation of investments, and
monitoring of potential liquidity needs.

Conflicts of Interest

Tether personnel are informed of their duties to identify, manage, and, where possible, avoid
conflicts of interest as stated in our conflicts of interest policy and supporting documents. ​

Tether may also explore further measures to mitigate the risks associated with a conflict of
interest, such as temporary or permanent withdrawal of oversight of a given matter or
activity from the personnel concerned, discontinuing its involvement in the transaction or
event, or disclosing the nature of such conflict to the affected customer or party. Except as
required by the CNAD, disclosure of conflicts of interest is subject to Tether’s conflicts of
interest policy and procedures.

Cybersecurity




                                                                                            18
Tether adheres to NIST and ISO 27001 security standards as the core framework for our
information security program. Our internal policies and procedures are developed and
maintained in alignment with these recognized standards and industry best practices. This
approach allows us to manage cyber security risks and safeguard the confidentiality,
integrity and availability of our information assets.

To support the effectiveness and maturity of our security controls, Tether engages
independent external security auditors to perform security audits at least annually. These
assessments provide thorough evaluation of our security posture. Any identified findings
are carefully reviewed, documented and addressed through our risk management and
remediation processes.

Security is paramount to Tether. We recognize that information security is an ongoing and
evolving responsibility. Therefore, we treat security as a continuous process of assessment
and adaptation to emerging threats. Through this ongoing commitment, we strive to
maintain a strong and resilient security posture.

Wallets Used by Tether

The Tether Website does not provide a wallet service, and only KYC Verified Customers may
buy or redeem Tether Tokens directly through the Tether Website, using Fiat bank transfers
and the customer’s own wallet.

Tether utilizes wallets to, among other matters, receive Tether Tokens for redemptions and
to transmit Tether Tokens upon purchase. Wallets utilized by Tether consist of online
software wallets and offline hardware wallets which have security and safety features
provided by the supplier of the relevant hardware wallet and software wallet technologies
and systems.

Smart Contract Audits

We conduct smart contract reviews through constant and ongoing testing. These reviews
are conducted at two levels. The first ensures that operating procedures are consistent and
accurate, and that any issues identified are addressed in a timely and effective manner. The
second level involves testing in a live environment and ensuring that only those with
administrative permissions are able to amend or make decisions on privileged functions,
such as minting, freezing, unfreezing, revoking, burning, or other functions that form the
basis of the smart contract.




                                                                                         19
Relationship with Bitfinex

The Bitfinex platform (available at Bitfinex.com) is operated by subsidiaries of iFinex Inc.
(iFinex Inc. and its subsidiaries, the “Bitfinex Group”). Tether and the Bitfinex Group share
members of management and other personnel, and have a number of common
shareholders. Tether receives support services from the Bitfinex Group and Tether utilizes
services available on the Bitfinex platform. Tether Tokens trade on the Secondary Market
available on the Bitfinex platform, subject to the terms of that platform.

Anti-Money Laundering, Countering the Financing of Terrorism, and Counter
Proliferation and Sanction measures (“Anti-Financial Crime”)

Tether’s current Anti-Financial Crime compliance landscape is shaped by standard-setting
organizations such as The Financial Action Task Force ("FATF") and enhanced by aspects
from The Wolfsberg Group of International Financial Institutions, The Bank Secrecy Act of
1970, the BVI Anti-money Laundering Regulations, Revised Edition 2020, Proliferation
Financing (Prohibition) Act, No. 20 of 2021, and Counter Terrorism Act, No. 33 of 2021, and El
Salvador Money Laundering Act and Regulation for the prevention, detection and control of
money and assets laundering, terrorism financing and mass destruction weapons
proliferation financing issued by the Financial Investigation Unit of El Salvador’s General
Attorney Office.

Customer Onboarding

Tether requires all prospective customers to successfully complete its customer verification
process prior to being permitted to purchase or redeem any Tether Tokens. Customer
verification processes are governed by written policies and procedures for verifying
customers and conducting risk-based enhanced due diligence processes on customers.
Compliance team members are trained on and required to follow those policies and
procedures in connection with all customer verifications.

Verification processes use financial industry standard vendors and tools to verify
prospective customers’ information and screen their names against sanctions, politically
exposed persons, and law enforcement lists. As a part of this process, all prospective
customers are screened for adverse media using open source intelligence (“OSINT”) by
trained analysts.




                                                                                           20
Ongoing Monitoring

Tether uses Chainalysis’s industry-leading investigation tool Reactor. Reactor is an
investigatory tool that assists Tether in linking real-world illicit activity to digital asset
addresses and transactions using Chainalysis’ reference data set. Tether currently uses the
Reactor tool to screen counterparty digital asset wallet addresses for risk-scoring purposes,
enhanced due diligence measures and for the purpose of investigations.

All KYC Verified Customers undergo automated ongoing name screening and periodic
ongoing monitoring using OSINT screening for adverse media.

Tether screens media platforms regularly for articles relating to crime involving digital
assets and relevant names are screened against Tether’s KYC Verified Customers.
Potentially positive hits related to Tether’s KYC Verified Customers are escalated for
investigation.

Suspicious Transactions/Activity and Reporting

Tether engages an investigations team, many members of which are drawn from
international financial institutions whose role is to review unusual or suspicious activity and
file Attempted Suspicious Activity and Suspicious Activity Reports (“ “SAR”) with the
relevant Financial Intelligence Unit, including in the United States, as applicable. Tether may,
in certain circumstances, temporarily restrict access to, and/or terminate customer
relationships with KYC Verified Customers in the event that they are believed to be engaged
in suspicious activity or to be in breach of any of the Terms.

Termination of the Relationships

In connection with customer investigations conducted by Tether’s Compliance Team, Tether
will assess if a customer relationship should be terminated or placed on enhanced
monitoring.


6. Information on the underlying technology and standards applied

6.1. Protocols and platforms

Tether Tokens exist on multiple blockchains and networks and are treated equally under the
Terms. Tether Tokens are currently supported on various blockchains, including Tron,


                                                                                             21
Ethereum, Solana, Avalanche, Ton, all of which are disclosed on Tether’s Transparency
Page.

6.2. Tether Technology Stack

The stack has three layers, each with many features, and can be described as follows:

   1.​ The first layer is the native blockchain. Tether uses each blockchain’s native
       transaction system to support the tokenization system for that blockchain.
   2.​ The second layer is the tokenization system for that blockchain. Each blockchain’s
       tokenization system allows Tether to
           a.​ track and report the circulation of Tether Tokens; and
           b.​ enable users to transact and store Tether Tokens and other assets/tokens in a
                   i.​ peer-to-peer, pseudonymous, cryptographically secure environment;
                  ii.​ supported blockchain wallet/software; and
                 iii.​ multi­signature and offline cold storage ­supporting system.
   3.​ The third layer is Tether, it is responsible for:
           a.​ Accepting Fiat deposits and issuing the corresponding Tether Tokens
           b.​ Sending Fiat withdrawals and revoking the corresponding Tether Tokens;
           c.​ Publicly reporting attestations of Reserves; and
           d.​ Operating the Tether Website, an online platform that allows eligible, KYC
               Verified Customers to acquire and redeem Tether Tokens directly with Tether.

6.3. Secondary platforms

Tether serves its KYC Verified Customers through the Tether Website. The purpose of
becoming a KYC Verified Customer is to participate in the issuance and redemption of
Tether Tokens directly with Tether through the Tether Website at the pegged 1:1 rate (minus
fees), with a minimum transaction value of US$100,000. This is referred to as the Primary
Market, and it consists only of Tether and its KYC Verified Customers. Once these
customers have acquired newly issued Tether Tokens (e.g. USD₮), Tether Tokens can then
be exchanged in the Secondary Market with a much wider variety of trading pairs.

Tether Tokens may be purchased and sold on the Secondary Market from exchanges and
over-the-counter platforms that support Tether Tokens. Users can also transact and store
Tether Tokens with any supported blockchain wallet. Due to the decentralized nature of the
blockchains on which Tether Tokens function, third-party platforms can list Tether Tokens
without the need for approval from Tether to do so. While exchanges, wallets, and




                                                                                         22
merchants are encouraged to reach out to Tether about integrating Tether Tokens, it is not
possible to keep track of and list all Secondary Market participants.

6.4. Tether Token life cycle

There are six steps in the lifecycle of a Tether Token that is purchased and redeemed
through the Tether website:

   ●​ Step 1 - KYC Verified Customer submits a request to acquire Tether Tokens on the
      Tether Website and sends Fiat funds.
   ●​ Step 2​­- Fiat funds deposited are held or invested into the Reserves.
   ●​ Step 3 - Tether transfers the equivalent number of Tether Tokens to the KYC Verified
      Customer. Tether Tokens enter circulation (Amount of Fiat currency deposited by
      user, less fees = amount of Tether Tokens issued to the user)
   ●​ Step 4 - If a KYC Verified Customer wishes to redeem,​ the user deposits Tether
      Tokens with Tether through the Tether Website.
   ●​ Step 5 - Tether removes the Tether Tokens from circulation and uses a
      corresponding portion of the Reserves to facilitate the redemption.
   ●​ Step 6 - ​­Fiat currency is sent to the KYC Verified Customer’s bank account (Amount
      of Fiat currency paid to a user = amount of Tether Tokens redeemed by the user, less
      fees).

Tether may freeze, burn, or block the transfer of Tether Tokens, in accordance with the
Terms, which must be read in full alongside this RID.


7. Dispute Resolution

7.1. Complaints Handling Procedure

All complaints must be submitted through our customer support page https://cs.tether.to.
We are committed to handling all complaints in accordance with our complaints handling
procedure, which is designed to ensure a thorough review and resolution of all concerns
raised. We are committed to addressing complaints with due diligence and in compliance
with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.




                                                                                       23
7.2. Mandatory Resolution of Disputes Through Arbitration

Except for excluded claims described in the following paragraph, any dispute, claim or
controversy arising out of or relating to this RID or the accuracy, completeness, verification,
sufficiency, interpretation or validity thereof, shall be governed by the Laws of the BVI and
will be subject to and finally resolved by confidential, binding arbitration on an individual
basis and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding and in
accordance with the International Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution
International Non-Administered Arbitration Rules, as amended from time to time (the “CPR
Rules”).

Arbitration will be conducted through the use of videoconferencing technology (unless both
parties agree that an in-person hearing is appropriate given the nature of the dispute) before
a sole arbitrator. The sole arbitrator must be a Legal Practitioner in England and Wales or the
BVI with at least fifteen (15) years of experience in commercial disputes, that holds a current
practising certificate. If an arbitrator cannot be jointly appointed by the arbitration parties
within thirty (30) days of the commencement of the arbitration, an arbitrator meeting the
above qualifications will be selected by the International Institute for Conflict Prevent and
Resolution. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered by any
court having jurisdiction thereof.

If the arbitral parties do not promptly agree on the seat of arbitration if an in-person hearing
is selected, the seat will be London, United Kingdom. The language of the arbitral
proceedings will be English. No discovery shall be conducted except by agreement of the
parties or after approval by the arbitrator, who shall attempt to minimize the burden of
discovery. The arbitrator may award any relief that a court of competent jurisdiction could
award, including attorneys’ fees when authorized by Laws, and the arbitral decision may be
enforced in court. For claims less than U.S.$15,000, Tether will reimburse you for all
initiating filing fees in the event that the claim is successful. The prevailing party, as
determined by the arbitrator, will be entitled to its costs of the arbitration (including the
arbitrator’s fees) and its reasonable attorney’s fees and costs.

The following claims and causes of action will be excluded from arbitration as described in
the paragraph above: causes of action or claims in which either party seeks injunctive or
other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of its intellectual property, including
without limitation copyrights, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, or patents or its
confidential information or private data. Nothing in this section (7.2) will prevent Tether from
seeking any other form of injunctive relief in any court of competent jurisdiction, whether or
not interim relief has also been sought from the Arbitrator.




                                                                                             24
The arbitrator will have the power to hear and determine challenges to its jurisdiction,
including any objections with respect to the existence, scope, enforceability or validity of
the arbitration provisions of this RID. This authority extends to jurisdictional challenges with
respect to both the subject matter of the dispute and the parties to the arbitration. For the
purposes of challenges to the jurisdiction of the arbitrator, each clause within this section
(7.2) will be considered as separable from any contract of which it forms a part. Any
challenges to the jurisdiction of the arbitrator, except challenges based on the award itself,
will be made not later than the notice of defense or, with respect to a counterclaim, the reply
to the counterclaim; provided, however, that if a claim or counterclaim is later added or
amended such a challenge may be made not later than the response to such claim or
counterclaim as provided under the CPR Rules.

8. Tax Regime

As per Article (36) of the Law, Tether falls under the scope of such Law; thus, the Tether
Tokens’ nominal value and the yields or income from the tokens shall be exempt from all
kinds of levies, duties, taxes, rates and contributions, of any kind and nature, present or
future, whether ordinary or extraordinary or even special in El Salvador jurisdiction. The
capital gain or ordinary income obtained from the purchase and sale or any other means of
transfer of the Tether Tokens, including debt forgiveness, shall be also exempt from any
kind of taxation in El Salvador.

Holders of Tether Tokens should consult with their own tax advisers with respect to the tax
consequences of acquiring, holding or redeeming Tether Tokens under the relevant
legislation and regulations.


9. Certifier

This RID was certified by TR Capital, S.A. de C.V., a Salvadoran company incorporated on
May 13, 2017, and registered in the Companies Registry of the Registry of Commerce under
number 21 of Book 3736, with Registration Number 2017088178 and Tax Identification
Number 0614-130517-102-0 (the “Certifier”).

The Certifier was authorized as a Digital Asset Issuance Certifier by resolution
CNAD-044-2023/04, duly registered under entry number CERT-0003.

The Certifier's report has been submitted to the National Commission for Digital Assets in
compliance with the provisions of the Regulation of Registration of Issuers and Public and
Private Issuances, and it has received a favorable judgment.


                                                                                             25
10. External Counsel

Tether has retained the legal services of Dentons El Salvador to navigate the intricate
landscape of local laws and regulations effectively. Dentons is a well-established and
registered law firm known for its legal compliance and guidance expertise.




                                                                                    26
