TETHER INTERNATIONAL, S.A. DE C.V.
ASSURANCE REPORT ACCORDING TO ISAE 3000R ON
THE FINANCIALS FIGURES AND RESERVES REPORT




LBG/MRD/git – RC187322026DV0171
                                                                                         Tel: +39 02 58.20.10                              Viale Abruzzi, 94
                                                                                         www.bdo.it                                        20131 - Milano




ASSURANCE REPORT ACCORDING TO ISAE 3000R ON THE FINANCIALS FIGURES AND
RESERVES REPORT


To the Board of Directors of
TETHER INTERNATIONAL, S.A. de C.V.

We have been engaged by Tether Global Investments Fund SICAF SA to perform a reasonable assurance
engagement on the Financials Figures and Reserves Report of Tether International, S.A. de C.V. (the
“Company”) as at 30 June 2026, a copy of which has been attached to this report.


Board of Director’s Responsibility for the Financials Figures and Reserves Report
The Board of Director is responsible for the preparation of the Financials Figures and Reserves Report in
compliance with the criteria, including Management’s Key Accounting Policies, set out in the Financials
Figures and Reserves Report and for such internal control as Board of Directors determines is necessary to
enable the preparation of the Financials Figures and Reserves Report that is free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


Practitioner's Independence and quality control
We have complied with the independence and all other ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded
on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality
and professional behaviour.
Our company applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, Quality Management for Firms that
Perform Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or Other Assurance or Related Services Engagements
(ISQM1) and, accordingly, maintains a system of quality control that includes directives and procedures
concerning compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory
requirements.


Practitioner’s responsibility
Our responsibility is to express our conclusion based on the procedures performed about the compliance of
the Financials Figures and Reserves Report with the criteria, including Management’s Key Accounting Policies,
set out therein.
We carried out our work in accordance with the criteria established in the International Standard on
Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) ~ Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical
Financial Information (“ISAE 3000 Revised"), issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board (IAASB) for reasonable assurance engagements. This standard requires that we plan and perform the
engagement to obtain reasonable assurance whether the Financials Figures and Reserves Report is free from
material misstatement.
The procedures performed on the Financials Figures and Reserves Report are based on our professional
judgement and include inquiries, primarily of the company’s personnel responsible for the preparation of the
information presented in the Financials Figures and Reserves Report, analysis of documents, recalculations
and other procedures aimed to obtain evidence, as appropriate.




Bari, Bologna, Milano, Padova, Roma, Torino

BDO Advisory Services S.r.l. - Sede Legale: Viale Abruzzi, 94 – 20131 Milano – Capitale Sociale Euro 987.000 i.v.
Codice Fiscale, Partita IVA e Registro Imprese di Milano n. 12149120961– R.E.A. Milano 2643982
Soggetta all’attività di direzione e coordinamento da parte di WeHolding S.r.l.
BDO Advisory Services S.r.l. è membro di BDO International Limited, società di diritto inglese (company limited by guarantee), e fa parte della rete
internazionale BDO, network di società indipendenti.
000                                                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 3
Specifically, we carried out the following procedures:
     ▪    obtain an understanding of internal control over the preparation of the subject matter information
          relevant to the engagement;
     ▪    perform enquiries with the management on the business operation of the last quarter, identifying
          material changes;
     ▪    compare financial data between the current Financials Figures and Reserves Report and the ones of
          the previous periods and discussion of possible significant differences;
     ▪    obtain confirmation letters directly from banks and depositaries and verify the reconciliations
          performed by management between the amounts in the accounting ledger/system and the bank
          statement to confirm the existence of the assets disclosed in the Financials Figures and Reserves
          Report;
     ▪    obtain reports from a specialized provider relating to inventory and quality testing, on sample basis,
          of precious metals and performing inventory procedures in order to confirm the existence of assets
          disclosed in the Financials Figures and Reserves Report;
     ▪    verify, for a significant sample, the correct valuation of the assets disclosed in the Financials Figures
          and Reserves Report in accordance with the criteria described in the Management’s Key accounting
          policies;
     ▪    verify the reconciliations performed by management between the accounting ledger/system and the
          ledgers on the various blockchains relating to assets and liabilities as at 30 June 2026;
     ▪    verify, for a sample of outstanding secured loans, the existence of the collateral through the analysis
          of the contract and of the transactions;
     ▪    verify the correctness of the disclosures included in the Financials Figures and Reserves Report,
          excluding the Notes.


Conclusion
In our opinion, the Financials Figures and Reserves Report, as prepared by the Board of Directors of the
Company as of 30 June 2026, is, in all material respects, fairly presented in accordance with the criteria,
including Management’s Key Accounting Policies, set out therein.


Emphasis of Matter
We draw attention to the following in the accompanying Financials Figures and Reserves Report:
     ▪    The reporting date is limited to a point in time as of 30 June 2026. We did not perform procedures or
          provide any assurance at any other date or time in this report.
     ▪    Management’s Key Accounting Policies provide mainly the following:
           - financial investments are valued at fair value in line with IFRS 9;
           - investments in precious metals are valued at fair value;
           - intangible digital assets are valued at fair value;
           - secured loans are over collateralized and regularly monitored and are measured at amortised cost
             (notional value for short-term secured loans) and adjusted for any expected credit loss allowance
             (“ECL”) in line with IFRS 9;
           - Tether tokens issued have been classified as refund liabilities in line with IFRS 9, which are
             repayable on demand, and are recorded at the contractual redemption value of the tokens;
           - other assets and other liabilities are valued at amortised cost (notional value for short-term assets
             and liabilities) less any expected credit losses.




TETHER INTERNATIONAL, S.A. DE C.V. | Assurance Report according to ISAE 3000R                             Page 2 of 3
     ▪    The Board of Directors has applied a going concern basis of accounting to value the Company’s assets.
          The going concern assessment requires significant judgment with regards to the Company’s liquidity,
          market and credit risks. We do not provide any assurance in respect of such assessment.
     ▪    The valuation of the assets of the Company is based on normal trading conditions and does not reflect
          unexpected and extraordinary market conditions, or the case of key custodians or counterparties
          experiencing substantial illiquidity, which may result in delayed realisable values. No provision for
          expected credit losses was identified by management at the reporting date.
     ▪    At the reporting date, Tether International, S.A. de C.V. is defendant in an ongoing civil litigation
          proceeding, for which the outcome cannot yet be reasonably and reliably estimated by the Board of
          Directors and its counsels and therefore no provision is recognised by management.
     ▪    The digital tokens issued by Tether International, S.A. de C.V. allow holders to transact and settle
          transactions in a rapid manner, which may be pseudonymous, and may be verified by the sender and
          the recipient. The digital asset industry is nascent and innovating rapidly. Accordingly, any users of
          digital assets, including those tokens issued by the Company, should first inform themselves of the
          general risks and uncertainties of the industry, including as to evolving legal and regulatory
          requirements. Users of Tether tokens should familiarize themselves with the risk disclosures, as they
          may be changed and updated from time to time.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.


Basis of Accounting
Without modifying our conclusion, we draw attention to the Management’s Key Accounting Policies included
in the Financials Figures and Reserves Report, which describe the basis of accounting. The Financials Figures
and Reserves Report is prepared by the Board of Directors of Tether International, S.A. de C.V. for
transparency purposes. As a result, the Financials Figures and Reserves Report may not be suitable for
another purpose.


Scope limitations
Our opinion is limited solely to the Financials Figures and Reserves Report and the corresponding total assets
and total liabilities as of 30 June 2026. Activity prior to and after this time and date was not considered when
testing the balances and information described above. In addition, we have not performed any procedures or
provided any level of assurance on the financial or non-financial activity on dates or times other than that
noted within this report.
The Notes to the Financials Figures and Reserves Report are provided by the Board of Directors of the
Company for additional information only, and this information has not been subject to the scope of our
assurance engagement and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or provide any assurance on it. Our
responsibility is to read the other information in the Notes, and, in doing so, consider whether the other
information is materially inconsistent with the Financials Figures and Reserves Report or our knowledge
obtained in the course of the engagement, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.



Milan, 31 July 2026


                                                                                BDO Advisory Services S.r.l.


                                                                                       Lelio Bigogno
                                                                                          Partner




TETHER INTERNATIONAL, S.A. DE C.V. | Assurance Report according to ISAE 3000R                           Page 3 of 3
        Financial
Figures & Reserves Report
This report includes financial information for and in respect of Tether International, S.A. de C.V.
(ES) (the “Company”). This report does not represent the financial statements of the Company
but discloses financial information extracted from its accounting records.

The assets owned by the Company are considered to be reserves backing the fiat-denominated
Tether tokens in circulation (the “Reserves”). The Reserves include all assets owned by the
Company, including assets held in excess of those required to meet applicable regulatory reserve
and liquidity requirements. Additional details are provided about the Reserves in the dedicated
section below.

Key financial figures as of 30 June 2026 and its comparative as of 31 December 2025 at 11:59 PM
UTC are:



    FINANCIAL FIGURES                                    30 June 2026                             31 December 2025



    In US$ Millions                           Total         Total                                      Total
                                                                            Equity   Total Assets                    Equity
                                             Assets       Liabilities                                Liabilities

    Tether International, S.A. de C.V. 1     187,751       (183,642)         4,110      192,878       (186,540)       6,338




The value of the assets composing the Reserves as of 30 June 2026, exceeds the value of the
liabilities of the Company issuing fiat-denominated Tether tokens by US$4,109,529,196.




    CHANGE IN NET EQUITY                                                     During the period
                                           As of beginning of                                                    As of
                                               the period:                                                 end of the period:
                                           31 December 2025                                                 30 June 2026
    In US$ Millions                                                                      Net capital
                                                                  Financial result
                                                                                         movements

    Tether International, S.A. de C.V.           6,338                   (3,171)             943                   4,110




1
    Figures are presented rounded; totals may not sum exactly due to rounding

                                    Financial Figures and Reserves Report as of 30 June 2026
                                              Authorized & approved on 31 July 2026




                                                                Page 1
Management’s Key Accounting Policies:

  ●   This report is prepared using the recognition and measurement principles of IFRS as
      issued by the IASB but does not contain sufficient information in terms of general
      presentation, required primary statements, and disclosures to comply with IFRS.
  ●   Management has applied a going concern basis of accounting to value the Company’s
      assets.
  ●   Financial investments are valued at fair value in line with IFRS 9.
  ●   Investments in precious metals are valued at fair value.
  ●   Intangible digital assets are valued at fair value.
  ●   Secured loans are over collateralized and regularly monitored and are measured at
      amortized cost (notional value for short-term secured loans) and adjusted for any
      expected credit loss allowance (“ECL”) in line with IFRS 9.
  ●   Tether tokens issued have been classified as refund liabilities in line with IFRS 9, which are
      repayable on demand, and are recorded at the contractual redemption value of the tokens.
  ●   Other assets and other liabilities are valued at amortized cost (notional value for short-
      term assets and liabilities) less any ECL.
  ●   The valuation of the assets of the Company is based on normal trading conditions and
      does not reflect unexpected and extraordinary market conditions, or the case of key
      custodians or counterparties experiencing substantial illiquidity, which may result in
      delayed realizable values. No provision for ECL was identified by management at the
      reporting date.




                         Financial Figures and Reserves Report as of 30 June 2026
                                   Authorized & approved on 31 July 2026




                                                 Page 2
                        Fiat denominated Tether tokens
                                Reserves report
     ●    Reporting Date: The reporting date is limited to a point in time as of 30 June 2026 at 11:59
          PM UTC.

     ●    The Reserves for Tether tokens in circulation amount to US$ 187,751,426,411

     ●    The liabilities of the Company amount to US$ 183,641,897,215 of which US$
          183,622,105,630 relates to digital tokens issued 2.

     ●    The value of the assets composing the Reserves as of 30 June 2026 exceed the
          value of the liabilities of the Company by US$ 4,109,529,196

     ●    Key accounting policies: The policies disclosed above are applicable for the Reserves’
          reporting.

     ●    Outstanding Litigation: At the date stated above, the Company is a defendant in one civil
          litigation proceeding, the outcome of which cannot yet be reasonably reliably estimated
          by Company’s management and its counsel. No provision is recognized in the Financial
          Figures and Reserves Report. The case is in the courts of New York. It is a class action
          alleging a variety of claims relating to the drop in the price of bitcoin in 2017 and 2018.




2
  The liabilities related to digital tokens issued comprises the amount related to the total digital tokens issued less digital tokens
held by the Company but not in its treasury wallet. Digital tokens in the treasury wallet are authorized but not yet issued and
are not considered liabilities. The total gross contractual redemption value related to all digital tokens issued is equal to US$
184,588,527,295. The amount related to digital tokens held by the Company but not in its treasury wallet is equal to US$
808,077,231. The digital tokens held by the Company do not form any part of the assets or liabilities of the Company. As per
its definition, contractual redemption value of the token takes into consideration the redemption fee of 10 basis points.

                                   Financial Figures and Reserves Report as of 30 June 2026
                                             Authorized & approved on 31 July 2026




                                                               Page 3
Assets at 30 June 2026

At the reporting date, the breakdown of the Reserves backing the fiat-denominated Tether
tokens in circulation is as follows:


         Asset Category                                                                                US$

          1.   Cash & Cash Equivalent & Other Short-Term Deposits:

                  U.S. Treasury Bills 3                                                              114,960,963,604

                  Overnight Reverse Repurchase Agreements 4                                           18,625,552,412

                  Term Reverse Repurchase Agreements 5                                                 6,993,428,950

                  Non-US Treasury Bills 6                                                                 22,374,689

                  Cash & Bank Deposits 7                                                                  40,307,440

         Subtotal: Cash Equivalent & Other Short-Term Deposits                                     140,642,627,095

          2.   Corporate Bonds 8                                                                             8,711,171

          3. Precious Metals 9                                                                         18,838,357,171

          4. Bitcoin 10                                                                                5,801,630,681

          5. Public Equities 11                                                                        3,761,438,892

          6. Other Investments 12                                                                       5,244,911,675

          7.   Secured Loans 13                                                                       13,453,749,726

         Total Assets (1+2+3+4+5+6+7)                                                               187,751,426,411




3
   The “U.S. Treasury Bills” category comprises U.S. Treasury Bills with a weighted average maturity of less than 90 days.
4
   The “Overnight Reverse-Repurchase Agreements” category comprises Reverse-Repurchase Agreements with a maturity of
1 day fully collateralized by US Treasuries, where the ultimate issuer or guarantor has a rating of at least A-3.
5
   The “Term Reverse-Repurchase Agreements” category comprises fully collateralized Reverse-Repurchase Agreements with
a residual average maturity of less than 90 days, where the ultimate issuer or guarantor has a rating of at least A-3.
6
   The “Non-US Treasury Bills” have a weighted average maturity of less than 360 days.
7
   The “Cash & Bank Deposits” category comprises cash deposits at financial institutions.
8
   The “Corporate Bonds” have a residual average maturity of more than 360 days.
9
   The “Precious Metals” category comprises LBMA standard physical gold bars owned by the Company valued using an XAU
price of US$ 4,008.02/Oz closing price as published by Bloomberg on 30 June 2026.
10
    The “Bitcoin” category comprises Bitcoins held on-chain in wallets controlled by the Company valued using a BTC price of
US$ 58,642.15/Bitcoin closing price as published by Bloomberg on 30 June 2026.
11
   The “Public Equities” category comprises indirect gold, bitcoin, and other asset exposure, which are traded on active markets
and are valued at their respective closing prices as published by Bloomberg on 30 June 2026.
12
    The “Other Investments” category comprises other investments within the Reserves that do not meet any of the criteria set
out in the other categories.
13
     The “Secured Loans” category comprises loans over collateralized by assets, subject to margin call and liquidation
mechanisms designed to maintain collateral coverage.

                                   Financial Figures and Reserves Report as of 30 June 2026
                                             Authorized & approved on 31 July 2026




                                                            Page 4
Other Information
     ●   Cash and Cash Equivalent and other short-term deposits: At the reporting date, the value
         of US treasuries provided as collateral for the Overnight Reverse Repurchase Agreement
         activity, is as follows:

                                                                                 Fair value of the US
                                                Fair value                   Treasuries Collateralizing
         In USD                                                                     the exposure 14

         Overnight Reverse
                                             18,625,552,412                         18,595,845,698
         Repurchase Agreement




     ●   Risks Associated with Digital Tokens: The digital tokens issued by the Company allow
         holders to transact and settle transactions in a rapid manner, which may be pseudonymous,
         and may be verified by the sender and the recipient. The digital asset industry is nascent
         and innovating rapidly. Accordingly, any users of digital assets, including those tokens
         issued by the Company, should first inform themselves of the general risks and
         uncertainties of the industry, including as to evolving legal and regulatory requirements.
         Users of Tether tokens should familiarize themselves with the risk disclosures, as they may
         be changed and updated from time to time, available at the “Risk Disclosure Statement” tabs
         at https://tether.to/legal/.




Authorized and approved by the Board of Directors on 31 July 2026 and signed on behalf of the
Board of Directors by Giancarlo Devasini, as Chairman of the Board of Directors:




Giancarlo Devasini




 Overnight Reverse Repurchase agreements are marked to market every morning, with adjustment to collateral as needed.
14

Any difference is due to intraday movements in collateral value.

                               Financial Figures and Reserves Report as of 30 June 2026
                                         Authorized & approved on 31 July 2026




                                                       Page 5
                         Notes to the Financial Figures
                             and Reserves Report
                   (no assurance provided by the independent auditor on these notes)

     1.   Responsibilities of Management:

          Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of this Financial
          Figures and Reserves Report, and for such internal control as management determines is
          necessary to enable its preparation free from material misstatement.

     2. Background Information:


          2.1.   The Company is an El Salvador Sociedad Anónima de Capital Variable. The Company
                 is registered as a Money Services Business with the Financial Crimes Enforcement
                 Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. Following the Company’s relocation
                 to El Salvador, the Company reports to the Financial Investigation Unit of El Salvador
                 pursuant to applicable law.

          2.2.   The Company is an authorized Stablecoin Issuer and Digital Assets Service Provider
                 under the Digital Asset Issuance Law of El Salvador and is subject to the regulatory
                 requirements specified by the National Commission of Digital Assets of El Salvador.

          2.3.   Tether tokens are stablecoin utility tokens that facilitate commercial transactions and
                 activity in various marketplaces. As of the reporting date, Tether tokens are available
                 on 13 discrete blockchains 15, all as approved by the Company. The total number of
                 authorized and issued tokens is made publicly available by the Company. All Tether
                 tokens are backed by an equivalent amount of assets held in Reserves. The use of
                 fiat-denominated Tether tokens is governed by Tether’s terms of service, as they may
                 be changed and updated from time to time, available at https://tether.to/legal/




15
  Tether tokens are currently issued on the Ethereum, Tron, Ton, Liquid, Solana, Avalanche, Tezos, Near, Cosmos, Celo, Kaia,
Aptos, and Polkadot Asset Hub blockchains. On 1 September 2025, the Company ceased to be obligated to accept redemption
of all remaining USD₮ on the Kusama, Bitcoin Cash SLP, Omni layer (Bitcoin), EOS and Algorand blockchains. On 27 November
2025, the Company ceased to be obligated to accept redemption of all remaining EUR₮. On 20 February 2026, the Company
announced that, effective 20 February 2027, it will no longer be obligated to accept redemptions of CNH₮.

                                 Financial Figures and Reserves Report as of 30 June 2026
                                           Authorized & approved on 31 July 2026




                                                          Page 6
